Watson Dental Care Site Review

Main page review took an hour for 2 to review. 
Try to keep pricing at 40-60 and hour. Look at 50 for middle ground. 

Quote for X hours for the site with details on fixes 

This document is a review of the https://dentistorlandoflorida.com dental site for all functional issues, design flaws and possible improvements. WILL NEED SOCIAL MEDIA REVIEW AT A LATER DATE

Site does not like Opera. Look at Find us on facebook footer vs firefox and chrome
Site has several unindexed pages for SEO and this does not work anymore

Main Page
-----------------------

Site Style
	Light blue on white with gray scale 
	White background 
	Blue font is misleading with half being links and half being text adding to user confusion 
	Pages do not fully extend to the sides

Page Main
https://dentistorlandoflorida.com
Favacon header - 
	REMOVE GOOGLE+ . Google+ Died in 4/2018. This is dead for 2.5+ years
	Navigation works. 
	Needs to be sticky or at the bottom of the page. 
Watson Home Logo header
	Navigation to home works
	Can review sizing and maybe logo redesign
	Location information Needs to be moved to bottom and locations page. It is clutter where it is now
Menu Bar
	Needs to be redesigned. Different color. White on Off black text is hard to look at.
	Sticky menu is good
	Menu function is good. Need to add carrot on the items with submenus for user experience
	Contact Us needs to be on the footer and location detail needs to go to the "Our Offices" page
Carousel 
	Why is it literally just two images…
	Need an image for each main menu tab landing page add a slide for appointments
	On Click the carousel will freeze on that option
	Remove the slide select navigation and play pause feature
	Add overlay on dentist to click on appointment. Maybe each dentist gets a slide
Body Content
	Width needs to change. Needs to be brought in just a tad.
	Need to tapper back the text on this page. Needs to be a why I care, Call to authority, and I do W to help X accomplish Y with Z kind of approach. Not a put me in an early grave I'm so fucking bored word vomit.
	There is a 4th appointment link in the text. Remove this now!
	Why is there a page for each area serviced? This is a negative to Google SEO in 2020+ and hurts the site.
	Watson Dental Care Is The Best Dentist In Orlando link sends user to an unindexed page. Again this hurts a site for SEO in Google's indexing in 2020+
	Side section
		Style needs to change for better smile program
		3rd appointment link. Redundant as shit. Not needed at all. It is just clutter and sloppy at this point.
		Dead link to smilereminder is dead. Site has been dead for a while. Needs to be removed
	Google review subsection
	It is outdated. Need to review connection and repair. Can look at removing all together and adding testimonial page 
	Enjoy the Best Dentist Experience in Orlando subsection
		Remove. Just unnecessary and sloppy. All of this was said in the above sections
	Card subsection
		Need to make the same length for each for style reasons.
		Need to change font style and background color for user experience
		Even though it is presenting the menu links again it is doing it in a way that is good and easy for the users to understand and decide.
	Footer
		Quick Links
			6th appointment link. This one is okay since it is in the quick link location
			Need to look at possibly adding 2 more important site links 
		Search Watson Dental bar
			It does search but send to user to search page where results are displaying the page in a thin column. They needed to be fired for building this page.
			If search remains then the results need to be 
		Find us on facebook 
			Section is broken for Opera but not firefox, chrome, brave
			Needs to be removed if favacons are around and other links for social media exist
		Orlando Dental Office Google map
			If required to stay needs redesign to look good. Can add the Office location data here as well with link to google maps
			On click for map brings up a broken pop up that never loads. Google maps service blocked by client….
		Bottom Footer Area
			Zip code and area served needs to go since it is in the pages already. This is an SEO trick again that does not help or hurt. This needs to be in the meta data and the area serviced pages
			Favacons need to be padded 
